Coffee taste influenced by the miracle of nature, the processing of the cherry into beans that will eventually go to the roaster, and the roasting of coffee.
Coffee production varies.
Coffee producers made 171 million bags of coffee, in 2019 until 2020.
Coffee industry uses bags to measure coffee.
One bag weighs 132 pounds. 
171 million bags equals 22 billion pounds.
The coffee flowers appear on coffee tree branches.
The coffee flowers appear after heavy rainy season.
coffee flowers has a jasmine scent.
coffee flowers has a striking white color.
Mary Williams spoke about seeing the coffee trees.
Carlos Batres comes from El Salvador.
Carlos Batres shared a memory of the aroma of coffee flowers.
coffee flowers develop into Cherries.
cherries containing coffee beans.
Indonesia harvests in October.
Northen DR Congo harvests in October.
Colombia harvests in November.
Jamaica harvests in November.
Tanzania harvests in August.
Northen Peru harvests in September.
pickers harvest cherries.
cherries harvest at peak ripeness.
pickers identify the ripe cherries.
pickers pick the ripe cherries.
pickers leaving the less ripe ones for later.
Cherry tastes sweet.
coffee has two main species, namely Arabica and Robusta.
Arabica named in the 17th century when it crossed from Ethiopia to Yemen and Arabia.
Arabica represents 70 to 75 percent of world coffee production.
Arabica known for quality
Arabica known for sweetness
Arabica known for complexity
Arabica known for fruitiness.
Robusta also called Canephora.
Robusta easier to grow.
Robusta is a hardy plant.
Robusta represents 25 to 30 percent of world coffee production.
Robusta tastes harsher.
Robusta less susceptible to insects.
Robusta less susceptible to climate anomalies.
Robusta has a bigger yield per tree per season.
Arabica has type Typica.
Arabica has type Bourbon.
Arabica has type Caturra.
Arabica has type Catuai.
washed processing uses large water.
semiwashed processing uses some water.
natural processing uses no water.
Coffee grow in the Coffee Belt.
Kaldi discovered coffee.
Coffee discover by Kaldi.
Kaldi comes from Ethiopia.
Cuba has been growing coffee since the mid-18th century.